fix(scan): instantiate client after computing options (#1005)
GitGuardian/ggshield: changelog.d/20241112_170752_jonathan.griffe_fix_secret_scan_option.md

### Fixed

> - Take into account --allow-self-signed options at all levels in `ggshield secret scan` commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Take into account the `--allow-self-signed` option at all levels in `ggshield secret scan` commands
```
